**What's your proudest achievement?**

I have done loads of things to be proud of in my life. Though when posed with the question of the top most achievement, one comes to mind immediately. That one is my career. 

A bit of a back story might help to paint a picture I think. So following my undergraduate degree and in-between working to get into a graduate program at the time, I took a job helping organise media material for a company. This led to coordinating and hiring web developers that I would work alongside to tackle various website assignments day to day. It soon became evident I wanted to pivot my career focus and become a web developer. Though there was looming certainty, that falls on anyone who shifts their career later in life, and that was I would be far behind those who knew sooner what they wanted to do in life. 

This feeling of educational inadequacy lit a fire under my buttock to run and close this gap with studying weekends, after work, listening to development podcasts, watching tutorials while eating and well basically live and breathing development. After some personal projects and consulting side projects, I grew my resume and skill set enough to pitch to become the full time web developer for my company at the time. 4 years later and my thirst for development has proven insatiable and I'm only having exponentially more fun learning it as time progresses and my knowledge base gets larger. 

Looking back on it all, it makes a lot of sense I would feel fulfilled in this career. Although, I think it took a while longer to figure it because other people, and in particular, other women in my life have not had success in a tech based career. That's why I feel excited for the future, to not only help bridge a gap of underrepresentation but also to go forth to strive to be an active advocate and teacher in the tech community so other people like me can find their calling. 